feat: add pre-commit (#53)
pyladies/pyladiescon-portal: readme.md

```

8. You can now access the /admin page.

> ## Setup pre-commit for identify simple issues and standardize code formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup pre-commit
```

> Pyladiescon-portal uses a tool called [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) to identify simple issues and standardize code formatting. It does this by installing a git hook that automatically runs a series of code linters prior to finalizing any git commit. To enable pre-commit, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyLadiescon-portal uses a tool called [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) to enforce coding standard and styles. To enable pre-commit, run:
```

```
pre-commit install
```

### Pre-commit automatically runs during the commit

> With pre-commit installed as a git hook for verifying commits, the pre-commit hooks configured in `.pre-commit-config.yaml` for Pyladiescon-portal must all pass before the commit is successful. If there are any issues found with the commit, this will cause your commit to fail. Where possible, pre-commit will make the changes needed to correct the problems it has found. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With pre-commit installed as a git hook for verifying commits, the pre-commit hooks configured in `.pre-commit-config.yaml` for PyLadiescon-portal must all pass before the commit is successful. If there are any issues found with the commit, this will cause your commit to fail. Where possible, pre-commit will make the changes needed to correct the problems it has found. 
```
